== README

* Ruby version
 2.3.1

* Rails version
 4.2.6

* System dependencies

The list of the gems and dependencies needed in order to install the application are located on:
/userManagementApp/userApp/Gemfile.lock

Using the command bundle may be useful.

* Database creation

This applications uses MySQL as database. 
It is necesary to install MySQL and its develpment libraries:

$ sudo apt-get install mysql-server mysql-client libmysqlclient-dev

$ sudo mysql_install_db

$ sudo mysql_secure_installation

$ gem install mysql2

File 

/userManagementApp/userApp/config/database.yml

contains the username and the password established during mysql installation.

This file also species that userApp_development is going to be used by default during the development process.

To create the database execute:

$ rake db:create

If the database already exists execute:

$ rake db:reset

To guarantee that it follows the necessay structure.


* How to run the test suite

Executing the command rake will run all the test created.

Test created are located on:

/userManagementApp/userApp/test/models/user_test.rb

* Services

To start the server execute:

$ rails server

The server will be run on localhost on port 3000

Open your web browser and use http://localhost:3000/ as URL.


Remarks:

To execute rails and rake commands you must be positioned on the directory /userManagementApp/userApp/

Front end of this application has not been implemented.
Only model unit tests related to input format when creating a user have been created.

Test created are located on:

/userManagementApp/userApp/test/models/user_test.rb

More documentation can be found on:

/userManagementApp/documentation.


https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-mysql-with-your-ruby-on-rails-application-on-ubuntu-14-04
